mysteries of vernacular miniature
something distinctively smaller than
other members of its type or class
miniature traces its roots to the Latin
mininum which meant red LED mininum
referred in particular to a compound of
lead used as a pigment in medieval times
in those days because there were no
printing presses groups of scribes were
tasked with painstakingly copying all
books by hand whenever they needed to
denote a chapter break or division of
text scribes would switch from standard
black to the red pigment mininum another
important visual device used to increase
the prominence of certain portions of
text was to set them off with large
ornate and colorful capital letters
often surrounded by tiny detailed
paintings the italians began to refer to
these elaborate and diminutive paintings
as many achernar illuminations because
of the necessarily small size of the
paintings miniatura began to be
associated with all things we and
spawned other words with the same base
like the Latin minimum for least
miniatura was transmuted into English in
the 16th century as the word miniature
and since that time it has had the exact
same meaning we used today
you